README.md, before:

MileStone README.md


# My First Milestone Project

Welcome! [My First Milestone Project](https://rpaulnarcis.github.io/milestone1/)

Milestone Project Home Page<img src="assets/images/milestone.png">
## UX
This website was created for the Total Body Fitness GYM, the goal is to keep their existing members while attracting new membership, through their competitive prices and quality service. Qualified Instructors will be running daily programs; members can attend all or specific classes as they see fit. Through this project, I offer strong advertising, through typography, colors, and easy navigational tools. Engaging existing customers, improving customer satisfaction through better service, simplifying and optimizing content updates, and website management, to grow the company and increase profitability.

## User Stories
As a user, I would like to create a new account.

As a user, I would like to log into the gym's website.

As a user, I would like to have easy access to the gym's website an all it features.

As a user, I would like to gain strength and keep fit.

As a user, I would like to know that I have the full support of the instructors to help me on my journey.

As a user, I would like to full access to all gym equipment.

As a user, I would like to be updated to all new offers.

as a user, I will like to be updated to all class schedules.

## Wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc

### Wireframe 1: Home Page<img src="assets/images/home.png"> 
### Wireframe 2: About Us Page<img src="assets/images/about-us.png"> 
### Wireframe 3: Gallery Page<img src="assets/images/gallery.png"> 
### Wireframe 4: Gallery Page<img src="assets/images/class-schedule.png"> 
## Features
### Home page:
- On all devices mentioned below the home page comprise of the header, navbar, hero image with call out banner, and footer.

- The Call Out information fills the center of the hero image with the cost of the service, encouraging members to join, accompanied by a Sign-Up button.
### ABOUT US PAGE:
-  On all devices mentioned below the About-Us page comprises of the header, navbar, body, and footer.

- The body consist of two background images which depict the strength and power of women.
- On the top half we have our mission statment and at the bottom we have detailed information of what our work-out programs comprise of.
  
### Gallery Page:
-  On all devices mentioned below the Gallery page comprises of the header, navbar, gallery, and footer.

- A photo layout of our members working-out and having fun is displayed in the gallery area. 
### Class Schedules Page:
-  On all devices mentioned below the Class Schedule page comprises of the header navbar body, and footer.

- The body consist of, A detailed exercise class schedule, displaying the weekly layout of the days, times, exercise programs, durations, and instructors.
### Existing Features:
Feature 1 :- The Sign-Up button allows users to register for our service by creating a user name and password.

Feature 2 :- The Sign-Up / Sign-In button allows users to register for our service by creating a user name and password and also allows existing users to log in.

Feature 3 :- The navigational Links makes it easy to move back and forth from page to page.
### Features Left to Implement:
- when you click on the Sign-Up and Log-In button more options will be offered so the user can actually completes a form.

- A persional Trainor section to be implemented on page as well.
## Technologies Used:
Google Fonts: https://fonts.google.com/

Google fonts were used to style text on webpage.

Font Awesome: https://fontawesome.com/

Font Awsome was used to create icons on webpage.

Bootstrap: https://getbootstrap.com/

Bootstrap HTML,CSS and javascript libraries used to design websites faster and easier.
## Testing:
### Syntax - HTML & CSS
<i class="far fa-clone"></i> Using https://validator.w3.org and filtering errors related to Angular (ex: no doctype,...)
                                 
  - index.html &check;
  - home.html &check;
  - aboutus.html &check;
  - gallery.html &check;
  - classschedule.html &check;

<i class="far fa-clone"></i> Using https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/ I validated the following spreadsheet:

- defaultStylesheet.css: &check;
### Manual testing:
I tested on microsoft edge and crome(desktop) see user test below.
## Responsiveness / user testing:
### Manual testing done:
On Opera, Microsoft edge, and Google crome. I tested all pages using the toggle device toolbar for:
### Mobile:
- Galaxy S5
- Nexus 10
- Nexus 4
- Nexus 5
- Nexus 5X
- 411 x 731 [ Nexus 6P ]
- iphone 8
- 414 x 736 [ Apple iPhone 6s Plus/7 Plus ]
- 414 x 896 [ Apple iPhone XR ]
- 375 x 667 [ Apple iPhone 6/6s/7 ]
- iphone X
- 411 x 731 [ Google Pixel XL ]
- 411 x 731 [ Google Pixel 2 XL ]
- 360 x 640 [ LG G4 ]
- 400 x 640 [ Samsung Galaxy Note ]
- Samsung Galaxy Note
### Tablet:
- ipad 1
- ipad 2
- ipad Mini
- Microsoft Surface
- Apple iPad Pro
- Apple iPad Pro 9.7 
- Amazon Kindle Fire HD 8.9
- Samsung Nexus 10
- Apple iPad 3, 4, Air, Air2
- 768 x 1024 [ HTC Nexus 9 ]
### Laptop / Desktop:
- 1440 x 900 [ Desktop/Laptop ]
- 1280 x 800 [ Desktop/Laptop ]
- 1024 x 768 [ Desktop/Laptop ]
- 1680 x 1050 [ Desktop/Laptop ]

### Specifically I systematically tested all of the above devices.
## NAVIGATION:
### Nivigation on Mobile:
- On mobile the menu is collapsed when I start.

- The menu opens when I click on the hamburger icon.
- Only four links are present.
- All four links work.
- The menu collapsed back when I click on all four links.
- The menu collapsed back when I click on the hamburger menu.
### Nivigation on Tablet:
- The menu is not collapsable no hamburger is present.

- There are four links.
- All four links work.

### Nivigation on Destop:
- The menu is not collapsable no hamburger is present.

- There are four links.
- All four links work.
- There is also a button after the fourth link which comprises of a Sign-Up / Log-In button.

### Sign-Up /Sign button:
- Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and a error message appears asking for @ to be included.
## Deployment:
- I Configured my milestone 1 Project Total Budy Fitness website to display to gitHub pages and any file or files I push to the master.
### Deployment Process:
- Opened up GitHub in the browser.
- Signed in with my username and password.
- Selected my repositories.
- Navigated to rpnarcis/milestone1.
- In the top navigation clicked settings.
- Scrolled down to the GitHub Pages area.
- Selected Master Branch from the Source dropdown menu.
- Clicked to confirm my selection.
- rpaulnarcis/milestone1 is now live on GitHub Pages.
-  Your site is published at https://rpaulnarcis.github.io/milestone1/
## Credits:
- Responsive image code used on both images in the about page taken from Thanveer Shah Slack.

- Code used for building the gallery on the gallery page taken from Codegrid.com.
- Code used to fix the screen from moveing when on mobile taken from Vlad Alivanov Slack.
- Molal code taken from Whiskey Drop Bootsyrap code.
- Button code taken from Whiskey Drop Bootstrap code.
- All other coding was done by Robert Narcis. 

### Content.
- The Home page Call Out banner text taken from colorlib Blog 18 Best Gym Websites Design Inspiration 2020.

- The mission statment and all text after exercise programs on the About Us page taken from Primal 7 website about us page.
- Exercise programs and definitions on About Us page taken from Shapes Fitness for Women website class schedule page.
- Class Schedule information text an layout taken from Shapes Fitness for Women website class schedule page.
### Media.
- All images are random images from the internet.
### Acknowledgements:
- I recieved inspiration from the Whiskey Drop website project.

- I recieved inspiration from the Love Running website project.
- I recieved inspiration from the Shapes Fitness for Women website

Commit message:

Unsolved bug I encountered was documented in README.md

README.md, after:

MileStone README.md


# My First Milestone Project

Welcome! [My First Milestone Project](https://rpaulnarcis.github.io/milestone1/)

Milestone Project Home Page<img src="assets/images/milestone.png">
## UX
This website was created for the Total Body Fitness GYM, the goal is to keep their existing members while attracting new membership, through their competitive prices and quality service. Qualified Instructors will be running daily programs; members can attend all or specific classes as they see fit. Through this project, I offer strong advertising, through typography, colors, and easy navigational tools. Engaging existing customers, improving customer satisfaction through better service, simplifying and optimizing content updates, and website management, to grow the company and increase profitability.

## User Stories
As a user, I would like to create a new account.

As a user, I would like to log into the gym's website.

As a user, I would like to have easy access to the gym's website an all it features.

As a user, I would like to gain strength and keep fit.

As a user, I would like to know that I have the full support of the instructors to help me on my journey.

As a user, I would like to full access to all gym equipment.

As a user, I would like to be updated to all new offers.

as a user, I will like to be updated to all class schedules.

## Wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc

### Wireframe 1: Home Page<img src="assets/images/home.png"> 
### Wireframe 2: About Us Page<img src="assets/images/about-us.png"> 
### Wireframe 3: Gallery Page<img src="assets/images/gallery.png"> 
### Wireframe 4: Gallery Page<img src="assets/images/class-schedule.png"> 
## Features
### Home page:
- On all devices mentioned below the home page comprise of the header, navbar, hero image with call out banner, and footer.

- The Call Out information fills the center of the hero image with the cost of the service, encouraging members to join, accompanied by a Sign-Up button.
### ABOUT US PAGE:
-  On all devices mentioned below the About-Us page comprises of the header, navbar, body, and footer.

- The body consist of two background images which depict the strength and power of women.
- On the top half we have our mission statment and at the bottom we have detailed information of what our work-out programs comprise of.
  
### Gallery Page:
-  On all devices mentioned below the Gallery page comprises of the header, navbar, gallery, and footer.

- A photo layout of our members working-out and having fun is displayed in the gallery area. 
### Class Schedules Page:
-  On all devices mentioned below the Class Schedule page comprises of the header navbar body, and footer.

- The body consist of, A detailed exercise class schedule, displaying the weekly layout of the days, times, exercise programs, durations, and instructors.
### Existing Features:
Feature 1 :- The Sign-Up button allows users to register for our service by creating a user name and password.

Feature 2 :- The Sign-Up / Sign-In button allows users to register for our service by creating a user name and password and also allows existing users to log in.

Feature 3 :- The navigational Links makes it easy to move back and forth from page to page.
### Features Left to Implement:
- when you click on the Sign-Up and Log-In button more options will be offered so the user can actually completes a form.

- A persional Trainor section to be implemented on page as well.
## Technologies Used:
Google Fonts: https://fonts.google.com/

Google fonts were used to style text on webpage.

Font Awesome: https://fontawesome.com/

Font Awsome was used to create icons on webpage.

Bootstrap: https://getbootstrap.com/

Bootstrap HTML,CSS and javascript libraries used to design websites faster and easier.
## Testing:
### Syntax - HTML & CSS
<i class="far fa-clone"></i> Using https://validator.w3.org and filtering errors related to Angular (ex: no doctype,...)
                                 
  - index.html &check;
  - home.html &check;
  - aboutus.html &check;
  - gallery.html &check;
  - classschedule.html &check;

<i class="far fa-clone"></i> Using https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/ I validated the following spreadsheet:

- defaultStylesheet.css: &check;
### Manual testing:
I tested on microsoft edge and crome(desktop) see user test below.
## Responsiveness / user testing:
### Manual testing done:
On Opera, Microsoft edge, and Google crome. I tested all pages using the toggle device toolbar for:
### Mobile:
- Galaxy S5
- Nexus 10
- Nexus 4
- Nexus 5
- Nexus 5X
- 411 x 731 [ Nexus 6P ]
- iphone 8
- 414 x 736 [ Apple iPhone 6s Plus/7 Plus ]
- 414 x 896 [ Apple iPhone XR ]
- 375 x 667 [ Apple iPhone 6/6s/7 ]
- iphone X
- 411 x 731 [ Google Pixel XL ]
- 411 x 731 [ Google Pixel 2 XL ]
- 360 x 640 [ LG G4 ]
- 400 x 640 [ Samsung Galaxy Note ]
- Samsung Galaxy Note
### Tablet:
- ipad 1
- ipad 2
- ipad Mini
- Microsoft Surface
- Apple iPad Pro
- Apple iPad Pro 9.7 
- Amazon Kindle Fire HD 8.9
- Samsung Nexus 10
- Apple iPad 3, 4, Air, Air2
- 768 x 1024 [ HTC Nexus 9 ]
### Laptop / Desktop:
- 1440 x 900 [ Desktop/Laptop ]
- 1280 x 800 [ Desktop/Laptop ]
- 1024 x 768 [ Desktop/Laptop ]
- 1680 x 1050 [ Desktop/Laptop ]

### Specifically I systematically tested all of the above devices.
## NAVIGATION:
### Nivigation on Mobile:
- On mobile the menu is collapsed when I start.

- The menu opens when I click on the hamburger icon.
- Only four links are present.
- All four links work.
- The menu collapsed back when I click on all four links.
- The menu collapsed back when I click on the hamburger menu.
### Nivigation on Tablet:
- The menu is not collapsable no hamburger is present.

- There are four links.
- All four links work.

### Nivigation on Destop:
- The menu is not collapsable no hamburger is present.

- There are four links.
- All four links work.
- There is also a button after the fourth link which comprises of a Sign-Up / Log-In button.

### Sign-Up /Sign button:
- Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and a error message appears asking for @ to be included.
### bug:
- I encountered a bug where the hamburger button icon went invisible on me it is there but without the three lines, I was not able to solve this bug instead I used font Awsome and pasted a substitute icon to represent it.
## Deployment:
- I Configured my milestone 1 Project Total Budy Fitness website to display to gitHub pages and any file or files I push to the master.

### Deployment Process:
- Opened up GitHub in the browser.
- Signed in with my username and password.
- Selected my repositories.
- Navigated to rpnarcis/milestone1.
- In the top navigation clicked settings.
- Scrolled down to the GitHub Pages area.
- Selected Master Branch from the Source dropdown menu.
- Clicked to confirm my selection.
- rpaulnarcis/milestone1 is now live on GitHub Pages.
-  Your site is published at https://rpaulnarcis.github.io/milestone1/
## Credits:
- Responsive image code used on both images in the about page taken from Thanveer Shah Slack.

- Code used for building the gallery on the gallery page taken from Codegrid.com.
- Code used to fix the screen from moveing when on mobile taken from Vlad Alivanov Slack.
- Molal code taken from Whiskey Drop Bootsyrap code.
- Button code taken from Whiskey Drop Bootstrap code.
- All other coding was done by Robert Narcis. 

### Content.
- The Home page Call Out banner text taken from colorlib Blog 18 Best Gym Websites Design Inspiration 2020.

- The mission statment and all text after exercise programs on the About Us page taken from Primal 7 website about us page.
- Exercise programs and definitions on About Us page taken from Shapes Fitness for Women website class schedule page.
- Class Schedule information text an layout taken from Shapes Fitness for Women website class schedule page.
### Media.
- All images are random images from the internet.
### Acknowledgements:
- I recieved inspiration from the Whiskey Drop website project.

- I recieved inspiration from the Love Running website project.
- I recieved inspiration from the Shapes Fitness for Women website
